(All people, incidents,
and backgrounds...)
(in this drama are fictitious
and unrelated to reality.)
(Also, children were filmed
under production guidelines.)
(Chairman Park Tae Ho)
(Episode 10)
This is Choi Yu Na.
I'm willing to do whatever you ask,
Chairman Park.
Yes. I'll do anything you ask.
Yes, Dr. Baek.
I'll be there, no matter what.
I'll be there to collect
the evidence my sister left behind.
The bloody pearl she had
in her hand.
Okay, I'll see you then.
Are you sure it's safe
for you to go yourself?
I know it'll be difficult
with them watching.
But I want to be the one
to get it back.
It's the evidence
that will expose the murder,
but it's also all I have left
of my sister.
Okay, I get it.
If that's how you feel,
I'll be extra careful.
Honestly, it's always weighed
on my conscience.
Because I was a step too slow,
they took the evidence.
That's why you had to go this far.
I've always felt so bad about it.
No, don't say that.
It was all my choice.
I couldn't have made it this far
without you.
We'll...
get the evidence
my sister left behind,
right?
Of course.
This time,
Dr. Baek is stepping in to help,
and we've already found a way
to avoid surveillance.
There's no way
I'm letting them take it this time.
So don't worry.
Hold on.
So...
What you want me to do is...
What, getting cold feet?
It'll just be
a minor car accident, right?
While those two are in the hospital
and everyone's distracted,
you'll take over the company.
There isn't...
more to the plan than that,
is there?
What, are you afraid I'll kill them?
I told you,
it's nothing that serious.
Just think of it
as a minor accident...
and brush it off.
So, what's your father like?
Are you going to ignore me?
Excuse me.
Compliments of the house.
Thanks.
Don't you eat that.
You remembered
I'm allergic to chestnuts?
You care that I don't get sick,
but won't even answer my question?
Park Min Jun,
am I talking to a brick wall?
He's like a wall.
He's someone
no one in my family can defy.
He's like an insurmountable wall.
That's the kind of man my father is.
And yet...
you're thinking about
jumping that wall in complete chaos.
The power
of the Baek Jin Ju effect, I see.
So your dad's against Min Jun
studying abroad too?
I'd bet on it.
He gets furious
when someone decides things...
without asking him.
And he's ruthless,
even with his own family.
Hey, are you sure
you're going to be okay?
Father's warning
at the family meeting was brutal.
I doubt you can just ignore it
and get away with it.
Maybe we should...
give up on studying abroad.
Give up?
First your design work,
and now studying abroad?
Didn't you say
we'd find a way together?
You're throwing away
the watch you made for me...
and the promise we made that easily?
That's not what I meant.
I'm not giving them up
like they're nothing.
It's more like...
I don't want to lose
what really matters.
I know you wouldn't understand.
Wait. Hey!
What was that?
Did you guys just get in a fight?
Why are you just sitting here?
Aren't you going after her?
You're just going to let her go?
Fine. Don't come crying to me
when you regret it later.
Darn.
It'll just be
a minor car accident, right?
What, are you afraid I'll kill them?
Right. He said
it'd just be a minor accident.
A minor accident.
But...
what if it's not?
Call her, or go find her yourself.
I'm telling you,
as someone who saw the whole thing,
you were in the wrong.
You think she's happy
about having her design stolen?
What about turning down
the jewelry school she got into?
You think that's easy?
But to her, friendship mattered more
than the design,
and you mattered more
than studying abroad.
I know.
If you know, then go apologize.
What's the big deal?
What am I supposed to say?
This is the first time
Jin Ju and I have ever fought,
so I have no idea what to say.
I've been racking my brain,
but I can't think of anything.
Seriously? Just, wow.
Man, you're hopeless.
Listen up, my clueless brother.
The point isn't to say
what you want to say.
It's to say what she wants to hear.
What she wants to hear?
She probably just wants
to hear one thing.
"I'm sorry."
Say that,
and she'll understand everything...
That's right. Get going.
Hurry up and go.
Knowing Baek Jin Ju,
she'll totally understand.
Man, that Park Min Jun
is so clueless.
I really came through
for him this time.
While I'm on a roll,
maybe I should help out
a little more?
How'd you know I was on my way
to see Director Seo?
I heard you on the phone
this morning.
"Director Seo, the succession war
has just begun."
"This is no time
to be playing golf."
"We needed a plan yesterday!"
"A plan!"
Oh my, what's gotten into you?
Since when do you care
who I'm meeting?
Are you finally interested
in the succession?
Well, I guess you could say that.
No way.
My dear son.
That bombshell your father dropped
finally knocked some sense into you.
Yes, that's more like it.
Speaking of which, Ms. Oh,
could I bring something up?
If this gets sorted out,
I might actually take an interest
in the company.
What is it? Just say the word.
I'll take care of it right away.
What is it?
A reevaluation?
Why is my work
the only one being reviewed?
We received a tip that the design
you submitted for the final round...
was actually someone else's.
That's not true.
There must be some mistake.
The person making the claim
says it's their design,
so we need to verify it.
What?
The accuser...
claimed it's their own design?
The review board meets in a week.
Please make sure you're there.
Baek Jin Ju.
After looking down on me
and acting all innocent,
you're stabbing me in the back?
Fine.
Looks like we're going to have
to see each other.
Yu Na.
This should be the right place.
There's the competition
and a few other things,
so I'd like to talk to you.
Can you come meet me here?
The person you have called
is unavailable.
Is she still mad at me?
Come on, Baek Jin Ju. Please answer.
Excuse me.
Are you one of Jin Ju's friends?
Sorry?
I'm sure
I heard you say Baek Jin Ju.
I'm her dad.
Hello, sir.
I'm Park Min Jun.
Park Min Jun?
Are you the boyfriend
Jin Ju told me about?
Is Jin Ju here?
She said she was going out
to meet a friend.
I just assumed it was her boyfriend.
What is it?
Did you two miss each other?
Is she not answering her phone?
Well, we sort of had a fight
yesterday.
It was entirely my fault.
That's why I came without calling.
In that case...
Why don't you come with me?
We agreed to meet
at the courier company.
No, it's okay.
She'd probably be uncomfortable
seeing me right now.
She's still so mad
she won't even answer my calls.
Can you tell her
I came to apologize...
and ask her
to please pick up my call?
All right.
I'm sure Jin Ju will cool down
and call you soon.
Okay. I'll be going then.
Yes, hello?
(Adele Group, B Wing)
I'm taking this one.
You, get out of the way.
This is the executive elevator.
Non-executives should step aside.
What?
You have some nerve.
Ma'am!
No, I just...
What's wrong with her?
I barely even pushed her.
There's no way
she'd pass out from that.
I clearly saw her hit her head.
- Her head?
- What if she has a concussion?
Ms. Kim, hang in there. Ma'am!
Ma'am.
There's no way...
(Absolute Rest)
The doctor said
she needs total rest, and no visitors.
How hard did you push her
that she got a concussion?
It was just a tap.
I'm telling you,
it was barely a push.
That witch
must be plotting something again.
You stay right there
and keep a close eye on her.
Don't even think of coming back.
Stay put.
What? Okay, fine.
A light tap, my foot.
I've been on the receiving end
of that shove.
I can't even go in.
How long am I supposed to wait here?
With this, we've shaken Oh Jung Ran
off my tail.
Perfect. You can still make
your appointment on time.
Jin Ju?
Jin Ju!
Jin Ju.
Are you okay? What happened?
What are you doing
out here all alone?
I came to see Yu Na,
and a plant stand fell on me.
What? Yu Na?
I'm so sorry, Mr. Baek.
What on earth happened?
My dad...
He told me to beg Jin Ju.
He said you'd go easy on him
if she said something.
So he told me to bring Jin Ju here,
but then a plant stand
suddenly fell over.
Then you should've taken her
straight to the hospital.
I already had to beg her,
and then she ended up getting hurt.
He said you'd never forgive us
if you found out,
so we should treat her first
and call you after.
So, where is your father now?
He went out to get a doctor.
But the more I thought about it,
it didn't feel right,
so I called you.
I'm so sorry, Mr. Baek.
I'll take Jin Ju to the hospital.
When your father gets back,
have him call me.
Let's go.
You okay? Careful.
Careful. Easy does it.
Watch your step.
I'm not doing anything wrong.
Dad.
Yu Na's dad...
Don't you dare defend him.
He secretly tried
to sell the company,
and now you're hurt.
I'm going to make him pay
for what he's done,
so you just worry about
getting better.
Are you dizzy?
How bad is your leg?
Dad...
I actually really like this scar.
What's to like about it?
It scarred your foot.
How could I, your father,
let you get a burn like that?
Even now, my heart breaks
whenever I see that scar.
Come on, this scar is the reason
you got back on your feet.
After Mom...
passed away,
you would just lie in bed all day,
staring at the ceiling.
But when I scalded myself
with hot water,
you jumped out of bed
and found your strength again.
So every time I look at this scar,
I'm grateful, because it feels like
it brought my dad back to me.
Do you have any idea
how worried I was on the way here?
I was so worried about you,
my mind went blank. I couldn't...
Oh no.
My meeting.
I should have at least called
to say I was running late.
You can just call them now.
The hospital is right
around the corner.
I'll call
while you're getting treated.
By the way,
you might want to call
your boyfriend too.
Min Jun?
He came by the hotel
to say he wanted to apologize.
He left really worried
since you weren't answering your phone.
Wait. Really?
Oh no. What do I do?
I think I lost my phone.
Min Jun must be worried
I'm not picking up.
If you're so worried about him,
why did you fight to begin with?
What? It was because of this watch.
Oh no, my watch!
What about your watch?
Oh no.
You've got to be kidding me.
Actually,
this was mainly
because I said I wanted...
to give up studying abroad.
Why would you give that up?
I was worried because Min Jun's parents
don't want him...
to study abroad.
I hear his father is intimidating.
It reminded me of what you said.
"It could be more dangerous
than you think."
I'm following them now.
I'll see what happens...
and call you right back.
Min Jun's father is...
Chairman Park Tae Ho of Adele Group.
What? Adele Group?
He's the son
of Adele Group's chairman?
When's his birthday?
The same as mine. Crazy, right?
- Dad, watch the road.
- Oh, right.
Adele Group's chairman's son...
who has the same birthday as Jin Ju?
Both babies...
were born the same day,
at the exact same time.
I can't believe
they found each other.
Who found who? What do you mean?
Dad.
Dad!
Don't worry.
I think the gas pedal is stuck.
I'll run us into the railing
to stop the car.
Jin Ju, hold on tight. It's no use.
I'll have to crash into something
over there too.
Dad, watch out.
- Jin Ju!
- Dad!
Jin Ju. Baek Jin Ju.
Dad?
I'm okay.
Dad, what is it? Are you hurt?
No, I'm fine. Don't worry about me.
Dad, just hang on.
I'll call an ambulance.
Gosh, my phone.
Dad, you have your phone, right?
What?
Right.
Jin Ju.
Yes? What is it, Dad?
Are you feeling worse?
When you call for help,
you have to give them
our exact location.
It'll be hard for them to find us
down this embankment.
So go up to the road,
call for help, and wait there.
Okay.
Okay, go. Hurry.
Got it. Hang on, Dad.
That's it. Hurry on up.
My Jin Ju,
no matter what happens,
you'll be able
to get through anything.
Jin Ju.
My daughter.
Dad loves you so much.
Dad...
Dad!
(Pearl in Red)
A car accident?
What about Dr. Baek? Is he okay?
The car exploded,
and his daughter was with him.
An opportunity like this
is too good to waste,
wouldn't you agree?
Here is proof
of CEO Baek Jun Gi's embezzlement.
You planned to kill them all along.
You used me to kill them both!
Framing an innocent person
without evidence is a crime!
Just go ahead
and enjoy the things you've stolen.
Jin Ju. Baek Jin Ju.
My daughter, it's time you woke up.
(Subtitles are provided by KOCOWA.)